Introducing NGCF PAS and LGCN PAS AND (CONCLUSION) (#66)
SpecialeBajs/Rapport: article/experiment.tex

\section{Experiment}

> The experiment are conducted on an Yelp Dataset to evaluate our proposed changes in LightGCN and NGCF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The experiments are conducted on a Yelp Dataset to evaluate our proposed changes in LightGCN and NGCF.
```
